Add Puppetserver catalog v4 API support (#228)
github/octocatalog-diff: doc/advanced-puppet-master.md

0. You will need to deploy your Puppet code to an environment on your Puppet Master prior to running `octocatalog-diff` for that environment. `octocatalog-diff` does not deploy code for you.

0. You will need to configure authorization for one or more whitelisted certificates on your Puppet Master. The default permissions allow a node to retrieve its own catalog via the API, but you need a certificate for `octocatalog-diff` that permits it to retrieve any catalog. See the [Certificate authorization](#certificate-authorization) section below. If you are using Puppet Enterprise and use
the Puppet Master v4 API you may also use a Puppet Enterprise RBAC token. The user the token was

> issued to will need the "Puppet Server Compile catalogs for remote nodes" permission.

Reviewer: Is this a user-owned token, or does the token live on its own?

If it's a user-owned token, I'd say `The user account which owns the token will need the .... permission`.
If tokens are not owned by users, I'd say `The token will need the .... permission`

Author: It is user-owned, I'll update the docs. Great feedback, thanks!

> 0. If you are using the v2 or v3 APIs to compile catalogs against your PuppetServer those systems will store the facts you send in and catalogs generated in their PuppetDB instances. This can be dangerous if your environment depends on the use and collection of exported resources or an accurate representation of the fact data in PuppetDB. When using the v4 API the facts and catalogs will, by default, not be updated in PuppetDB as a result of the compile. If you wish to update them, you must specify one of the associated options to enable that behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. If you are using the v2 or v3 PuppetServer APIs with Octocatalog-Diff to compile catalogs, then those catalogs and facts will be automatically stored in PuppetDB. However, when using the v4 PuppetServer API with Octocatalog-Diff, facts and catalogs are *not* automatically stored in PuppetDB - persistence is optional and may be enabled with the appropriate Octocatalog-Diff CLI flag. If your environment depends on the accuracy of exported resources or facts in PuppetDB, you may wish to upgrade and use the V4 API, to avoid unintentional side-effects.
```

Is that an accurate summary? I found myself struggling to parse the sentences you wrote a few times, and I'm wondering if this is perhaps a little more clear.

| ------ | ----------- |
| `-f ENVIRONMENT` | Environment name to use for the "from" catalog |
| `-t ENVIRONMENT` | Environment name to use for the "to" catalog |
| `--puppet-master HOSTNAME:PORT` | The hostname and port number of the Puppet Master. (By default the port used by Puppet Master is 8140.) |

> | `--puppet-master-api-version VERSION` | The API version used by the Puppet Master. API versions 2, 3,and 4 are supported. Puppet Master 3.x uses API version 2, and the PuppetServer for Puppet 4.x uses API version 3. PuppetServer 6.3.0 introduced the v4 API. By default, API version 3 is used, so you only need to set this option if you are using Puppet Master 3.x or wish to use the newer v4 API. |

Reviewer: The v4 API is optional, yes? We should probably say that here, if so.

Author: I've updated the wording in the most recent push. Give it a read-over and let me know if you think it is good.

Reviewer: Fantastic, thank you!

```

Please follow the instructions for the version of Puppet Master, PuppetServer, or Puppet Enterprise that you are using in order to generate and authorize the certificates.

## PE RBAC Token authorization

In newer versions of Puppet Enterprise you can authenticate using a valid PE RBAC token with appropriate permissions as long as it is authorized in the PuppetServer `auth.conf` file.

By default this permission is enabled and controlled by the `puppet_enterprise::master::tk_authz::allow_rbac_catalog_compile` Hiera setting.

The user the token was issued to must have the `puppetserver:compile_catalogs:*` permission.

> Note: `octocatalog-diff` will automatically obscure any secrets marked as `Sensitive` when displaying differences, but the above RBAC permission does give uses the ability to retrieve catalogs with all secrets, even ones marked `Sensitive`, visible.

Reviewer: I think we could leave L68 off, perhaps. It seems to imply that this opens up a potential problem with Octocatalog-Diff itself, but it isn't actually doing that.

Author: That is fair. I feel like it might be worth still having a warning to someone who hasn't dug around in the catalog API though. If, instead of the current L68, it read something like this:

Note: A Puppet catalog may contain unencrypted secrets, even ones marked as `Sensitive`. In order to perform its job, Octocatalog-Diff needs access to the catalog. By granting a user the above RBAC permission you are granting them the ability to retrieve and view the complete catalog resulting from a compile, including any included secrets.

Reviewer: I like that!

Author: I updated the wording in the most recent push.
